get to know your bosses shooter also reports that are one of the least
I don't watch it when you're on the way your going to be in the wardroom
sharing meals with a it's for four years go out socialize with
always auctions or maybe the always result from some points where are
you and yeah zero point zero I was a heavy wall is also changes when
you deploy able to do a crucial swap at some points on the log here
we always do that US wizard were operating with the allied with
NATO zero ships is exercise they always look to send someone it all
grew and grew up and also change so use that on my four ship we were
operating a help you focus on so maybe and so you'll be a large loss
after loss or won the coin toss a lot of spending three weeks on the
south shore still on all sort of shape you definitely want to do
that a call today that is gonna be one sees in the future your ship
your what is your vision you can also but also is always good to ask
questions will have a call so I have a Cup of coffee it's a social
functions of all three okay as she blushes order that's a long way because
as a senator so okay a leash what did you that's the easiest
way